All volunteers email for start of competition cycle (#44)
srobo/volunteer-emails: SR2022/2021-09-06-start-of-comp-cycle.md

---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Student Robotics 2022 Coming Soon
---

Hi All,

We're starting the SR2022 competition cycle and we need your help!

## Refreshed team structure

As you may already have seen, we have five main teams within the organisation. If any of these sounds interesting then please join one of the regular meetings in the [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=studentrobotics.org_oqdjasvpps8smo0d5nte417rak%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FLondon)
and check out the relevant channels in our [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/studentrobotics/shared_invite/zt-v42yotdt-j1jJewMENJF0heEnpoHOlA).

> We appreciate any help you can provide, whether that's taking on a couple of tasks or just joining to get a feel for the teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We appreciate any help you can provide, whether that's taking on a couple of tasks or just joining the occasional meeting to say hello and get a feel for what's going on.
```

### Kit Team

Supporting the current kit which is provided to competitors and developing the next generation.
Led by: Karina, Dan

### Competition Team

Arranging this year's game, the venue, and managing the teams.
Led by: Andy, Andy, Jenny

### Marketing Team

Promoting Student Robotics to Sponsors, Volunteers, and Competitors.
Led by: Antoine, James

### Fundraising Team

Engaging with current and prospective sponsors of Student Robotics.
Key members: Jenny, Holly

### Infrastruture Team

Managing the tools used by us blueshirts
Led by: Peter, Jake

> 

Reviewer: Feel like this should include the plans for the year (cc: @srobo/competition-team), which as I currently understand it will include trying to get more volunteers in schools mentoring. Also a brief description of our plans for in person or not would be good.

Reviewer: Could we also have a section on sponsorship, maybe borrowing the content from scarzy's email?

Author: Perhaps this email is a couple of weeks early at the moment?
